You laugh
You lose
But, Biodebay, I've made billions of these videos
If you stop entering these videos
Try not to laugh, but even closer
To challenge not to get restricted content in the video
Notice of infringement of property rights
Try the love of God to get ads in the challenge video, let's get started
Twitter: v11ll
I'll show you one of my favorite videos, it's classic and obviously I saw it
Do you like Samuel Al Jackson?
Yes I love him
So for Hentai
This is very nice, there is a modified version. I will find them
Do you like Samuel Al Jackson?
Yes I love him
So for Hentai
Why is Samuel Jackson like me? He is a real American hero
Is this Jojo?
The world may be strong
But God gave me strength
It is even stronger than the world
Damn, this force
No
Not too bad
Or wow, this would be strange
what happened? Why stabbed himself? Why is there an American woman trying to read Japanese?
So far I have not blinked, have you laughed?
The better you do not because you will lose, you do not want to lose true?
That's right, to complete. I think I saw this video before
* Questions taken from Yahoo wrong where people write Are I pregnant? *
Biodes: Yes, I saw him and he was funny
My God, how long will this last?
Bless you
All of them
We are people who are mentally disabled. People should not pass on their genes
They must be sterilized, I support
Sterilization
Based on
Their grammatical errors
Heck, I've seen this before. It's very nice
Child: Do not kill me
Child: Why did you kill me?
Stop killing me
do not kill me
The favorite part of this is that his mother tells him to stop
Mother: Well, group, stop crying and my son
Well guys, stop making my son cry in this game
* Very Crying 100% *
Hey man, he 's just a mistake in the game
Do not worry about it
Damn you, O despicable
* It seems he stopped crying *
Americana
Close your mouth, close your mouth
Shut your mouth, you scoundrel
It's just a mistake in the game, relax
But it was a Communist line
He used the communism paper
President Obama will probably be the worst President in the history of the United States of America
Donald Trump
Well, Donald Trump, at least I'll be president
* Speech of the President of the United States of America *
That music will make me violate property rights. It's really beautiful
Why this is so beautiful
how can I help you
Yes ... socket back. Socket back please
I'm Ralph How can I help you?
Oh .... the rear socket
What?
Rear socket
an insect?
I do not understand what you're saying
Rear socket
I have a bad connection. I do not understand what you are saying ... what is there?
socket? Is it like a receiver socket?
Rear socket
Socket back ... socket back ... yes rear socket ... socket back ... rear socket
How to use it .. Where to use it, I try to ....
Rear socket
Yes, I understand you a spark plug
There are all kinds of plugs
Rear socket
What?
God bless this man. He is very innocent
Bless your heart
F.O.
It seems very realistic to me, because I was alive in the time of real wars
You sit in the restaurant with your child and tell you that he is hungry
You agree to buy eating
You open a kids menu
This turns into a "challenge try not to be racist"
John is very small on dog food
* Nakhin Nakhir *, looking forward to another age
you do not understand
Your mouth will sweat and your child will complain
He says he is hungry.
Your mind is looking for an answer in the world of sweet potatoes and fried potatoes
Who tried to ask * Shiken Naker * but could not. The world could not escape from your lips
Your child is hungry and he has committed himself
The waiter looks. Your head is spinning. * * * * * * * * * *
Your child cries tears *
And your mind screamed
It is raining with a sweet plate and now the fried potato is sprouting on your left temple, and you do not understand
Your child is crying in the corner
He's hungry
Hungry for the sake of living *
No one noticed that he said "Tata Hula" * Took a sweet write that is sweet instead of sweer *.
There is no flaw in his request even if you are an adult and he is on the children's menu
The two Khatami have gone forever
The voice actor. That was a terrific clip of horror. I really sympathize with this woman
Oh God. Yes, I have seen this
I do not even know if I can view this
You can do it. For your brothers
help my
I do not want to die here, not yet
We are the "lingerie lover of number 64"
After that moment
Relax in peace
This has been a challenge try not to laugh
Have you laughed? Or lost? Will this video violate copyright? On the back Yes
Thanks for watching, click the Like button and as always
"Sister Fister," my sisters